fix(ui): Add missing tooltip for `Camera acceleration` (#10076)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

tip "VSync"
	`Toggle vsync between off, on, and adaptive (should your computer support it).`

tip "Camera acceleration"

> 	`Toggle whether the flagship is fixed in the center of the screen, or moving around slightly when accelerating.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`Toggle whether the camera is fixed on the flagship, or begins to offset from the flagship while accelerating.`
```
This seems to be more direct and clear about _camera_ acceleration?

Or if you want to keep it about the flagship instead of the camera:
```suggestion
	`Toggle whether the flagship is fixed in the center of the screen, or begins to offset from the center when accelerating.`
```

> 	`Toggle whether the flagship is fixed in the center of the screen, or begins to offset from the center when accelerating.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	`Determines whether the screen center is fixed on, trails behind, or speeds ahead of the flagship while accelerating.`
```
